Hello again.
So let's see the difference option we have in the content library.
So if we click on any of the file or the image in the constantly Prady we have some option Rite-Aid
we click on we have updates.
It that's me if we want to make an update for that item.
Chicken is one for example you want to change the contents of these five for example you have a Windows
Server 2012 error.
And for example you have Windows Server 2012 Erewhon and you want to change it.
You dont need to use Arawak anymore.
So you simply click on these shows updates then you upload.
Do you want that you want in this one.
Then we have another option.
Like export its endorsement if you want to export this eason to your local server.
What is up like that.
OK who will try to fetch the content of the reading you will get our download option right there.
Does it send you to a lakh that will lead you to download Perez's download when Server 2012.
So it sent me to download like of course I dont need to download this one right now.
Then we have another option right here that's got it on if you want to clone it from Isel.
Imagine a tablet of a VM in another country that's when you get our model copy of this one in another
Content Library.
Then we have sent Coney's ism that's.
If you use our share it constantly but every You need to start is this from Twitter and time to get
any update in the original image from the external content library.
Delete it and that's when you want to delete it but upload it from a Sherratt constantly Berardi.
But of course it's not available because this won't exist in the rock constantly Bradie not in the external
one.
That's when you can delete only the file from your local content into you Sancho's resides constantly
again then it will download it from the original content library then rename if you want to rename this
one for example all new like that OK.
Chanted the name then we ha it it not.
If you want to change it or not this is Windows Server etc..
Then we hop tag and this tag we're going to talk about it a little.
We have of course delit if you want to delete this one from the quantum leap.
So take a sim take or remove take.
So for example you have different eyes.
Imagine a lot of ways for example one for the window one for the Linux wonderful Macintosh and a lot
lot of eyes.
Imagine for a different service if you buck right here and try to get onésime it would be difficult
to pick up a right one.
And if you chose to filter right here you can make the research for example server click onto it will
show you all do.
I would imagine that Kwanten Nate Silver also 2016 will show you do well among the top 16 for that.
Also we have a by the Take for example some take that will help you to get quickly to develop Isel imagine
what it was up to.
You don't remember the name exactly but you used to take for example you have 10 ISO image of the Windows
operating system.
Another 10 for the Linux operating system and so on and so on.
You create some Take for example Ald. I imagine that it's about Windows operating system you are at
they call it Windows.
Then another take four different ISO image of Linux and so on and so on.
So it's like a s.a of course.
No half empty.
So we'll need to create some take of course.
If you click on this option right here it will take you to create a new take.
So how does it give you to create a new take.
So the stick can be managed from display right here.
If we back to the home we have the option callet tag of some attribute So Harry you can customize the
different take or the category you concrete's category and tag custom attribute we are of the house
some custom attribute then we create the tag right here.
So to say from displays or from the other place.
So we're back to the content library.
And we try to add a take for one of just five.
So I imagine you have this one example we can make a scene a take then of course we need to up on your
take then we give for example when Windows like that the description or do Windows is Isel airmass.
Then we pick our category we chosen your category if you remember we have take and category but of course
here we don't have a category.
So we need to create one.
So the take is name the name is Windows the description of Windows oys is a must do category we need
to pick up on your one.
So we create a new category category name for example got
or windows or for Isel.
Let's make this category content all the different ISO image.
And we create a tag for Windows and another tag for Linux and another tag for Macintosh etc..
But this we talk about Isel operating system like that.
It's me the ISO that contains two operating system.
Another category for the application under the category for the exchange or for Oracle for the database
etc..
And then you put the different categories like the tag is like a soup category.
So the description if you want to add it.
So then we give it for example description for example in a description voice got the Gorie like that.
Then we chose the cardinality one.
Talk about objects or talk about objects then associated objects 5.
That's me.
This category would be use it for the content library of course you can choose the data store that the
Santer etc..
But here we want to it into a content artist category reserved for the content library.
So we click OK.
No we have our take available.
So we chose for example this one like that.
Then we click OK we go into a scene take to this one so that it gets more example into next.